                    GETTING STARTED WITH MALAHIT-R1

You will need the following items to get started with your Malahit-R1
remote SDR receiver:

1) A smartphone, a tablet, or a computer that will serve as display.
2) Four 18650 rechargeable batteries that will go inside the receiver.
3) A laptop power supply with the USB-C connector, to charge batteries.
4) A three meter wire for the loop antenna.


                          SETTING THINGS UP

Once you have the above items, follow the steps outlined below:

1) Carefully unscrew and remove end covers, then open the Malahit-R1
   case.

2) Install four 18650 batteries into enclosed holder. Make sure you
   observe the correct polarity. Inserting batteries in the opposite
   polarity may damage the receiver.

3) Close the Malahit-R1 case and screw back the end covers.

4) Attach the ends of a three meter wire to the pair of terminal posts
   found at the Malahit-R1 receiver.

5) Use power supply to plug the receiver into a wall outlet.

6) Press and release the POWER button and wait for 15-30 seconds for
   the receiver to start.

7) On your smartphone, table, or computer, look at the available WiFi
   networks and connect to the one named "openwebrx". Use the "openwebrx"
   password to connect.

8) Go to a web browser of your choice and input the following web
   address:

       http://192.168.10.1:8073/

9) Once the Malahit-R1 web UI loads, press the large arrow button, and
   listen to the reciever!


                              NEXT STEPS

Once you have Malahit-R1 receiver running, please, go through the
following steps in order to finish setting up your receiver:

1) Click on the "Settings" icon at the top-right corner of the web UI.

2) Log into Settings by entering "admin" as user name and "malahit" as
   password.

3) Click on "General Settings", go to the bottom of the page, and change
   your admin password to something difficult to guess.

4) While at the "General Settings" page, you can also set up your
   receiver name, geographic location, the ITU region and country you
   are in, and other settings.
  
5) Once done with the "General Settings" page, click on "Apply and Save"
   to save the new password and other settings.

6) Go back to the main Settings page, click on "WiFi Setup", and enter
   the name and password for your local WiFi network. You can have up to
   four different WiFi networks configured in the "WiFi Setup".

7) While at the "WiFi Setup" page, you can also change the name and
   password of the internal access point that gets activated when
   Malahit-R1 cannot connect to any existing WiFi networks.

8) Once done with the "WiFi Setup" page, click on "Apply and Save" to
   save the new WiFi setup.

9) Click on the "Help" icon at the top of the web UI to read the rest
   of the documentation and find out what else you can do with your
   Malahit-R1 SDR receiver!
